Add `contrib` directory (#1189)
poliastro/poliastro: contrib/README.md

# Community contributions

The `contrib` directory contains community contributions
that are not yet ready to be part of the poliastro API,
but are nonetheless useful for Astrodynamics Python users.

> If you have a small script or set of scripts

Author: Good one!

```suggestion
If you have a small script or set of them
```

related to Astrodynamics and Orbital Mechanics
but you feel they are "ugly", "not polished",
or you are just not sure "if anybody will find it useful",
we would be thrilled if you shared it with us here!

If you want to upload your code here,
please follow these steps:

- If it's only one script,
  or comment at the top
  specifying your name, email,
  what the script does,
  what extra libraries are needed (if any),
  and cite any scientific references related to your work.
- If it's a series of scripts,

>   create a new directory with a `lower_case` name

Reviewer: We might rewrite this as " create a lowercase named directory having a REDME.md file holding your name...".

>   create a new directory with a `lower_case` name
>   with a `README.md` specifying your name, email,

Author: ```suggestion
  create a new `lower_case` named directory
  having a `README.md` specifying your name, email,
```
